-The basic idea of searchstainble is to create a search engine which ranks plattforms with more sustainable consumption goods
on a greater level. Therefore, here I try to first document all the ideas brought up during the hackathon to come up with an
algorithm that tackles that task

-Basic idea: The basic idea is to crawl a number of webshops and conduct text analysis of e.g. keywords/tags that can be used 
to indicate the sustainability value. 
Here are the basic ideas:
-Evaulate products: To evaluate the specific quality of a e.g. tshirt we can apply specific attributes such as e.g. resources 
(e.g. cotton), the location the shirt is produced in (Made in...) or further parameters and additional values such as
if the shirt is vegan, recycled, bio. As these attributes are generated for a certain project there are two options to deal with
a) first idea we came up with is to use these variables as factors to generate a "sustainability score" to rank products
b) the idea we followed with is to cluster products by the cominbation of these attributes we generated two generate a number
of types we can than rank by their "sustainability" (until now, this is a part where we need to do this by hand). 


(1)-->If these product are rated, we can also generate a score for the plattform that is based on the "sustainability quality" of 
the products they offer. By doing so, we can adjust a first initial value to quantify the "sustainability of a plattform"

Further ideas to evaluate sustainability of a plattform:
a) We can look out for tags in the websites text that indicate whether these are sustainable or non-sustainable businesses. 
Until now this is thought of to analyze similiar tags betweeen websites to identify clusters of websites/plattforms 
where plattforms that share rather identical tags are bounded stronger via an edge. Thereby, we can maybe recognize clusters
of good/bad plattforms and then analyze the position of certain plattforms within their respective cluster to 
further investigate their position. The resulted metric in (1) can be used to recognize which cluster is good or bad. Here, it
is decisive to investigate if and how clusters appear by the means of which tags. 

b) by investigating a) we can also see which tags are tags that are shared by the top-notch sustainable plattforms or 
dead-evil plattforms. Thereby, we can build up a social-network structures with two types of nodes: tags and plattforms. 
Here, one could investigate were plattforms are placed and connected to different tags (where, we do know which tag indicates
what kind of sustainable-quality by the analysis we did in a)). Then, we can think about a metric that analysis this position
in the network (indeed, with the metric beeing between 0 and 100). 

_______
Finally, we now end off in the best case with two values that measure the sustainability of the product and the plattform. 
Take both, together and booom. 

______
Further ideas not included in the description yet:
-Natural language processing
-Topic modelling
-machine learning approaches at later stages


